# ExcelInput
While working in SoftIron, I created an application for helping the process of setting the feeders into the machine that created the components of the hyperdrives. Many feeders where re-used in next projects in the company, but when each project finished they where put back into storage as they had no knowledge which components where the same for the ten next projects. To prevent this the compnents of the first where 

There is a button "Add Excel File" that adds the excel files that contains information for the feeders like the Manufacturer Part Number   and the name of the excel file is stored in the variable FileName and its path in FilePath
There is also a "Remove Excel File" button that has displays a drop down box with all the Excel files added until now and the user can select.
There is also a "Select Excel File" drop down box that contains all excel files added until now. When you select a file, you have to select the next file for the "Complete" Button to be enabled. You can select more than one next files, but minimum files selected are 2 files. Then you can press the "Complete" Button that makes the comparison of the Manufacturer Part Numbers between the selected excel file and as many next files you have selected. It then creates a new excel file that is a copy of the previous with an added column named "Re-kit". In the first column in the same rows as the common Manufacturer Part Numbers are the commons between the file selected and the next file. In the next column is the commons between the selected and the next next selected and so on. There is a variable named selected1 that keeps track of which projects(Excel Files) are selected. If you unselect the next file, the complete button is disabled.

Once you press the "Complete Button" the "View" button is enabled for the user to view the newly created excel file. There are also "Up"and "Down" buttons so you can change the sequence of the selected file. These buttons are disabled for each selected excel file once you have pressed complete. 

There is also a possility to Save the state of the program and reopen it later. If the user has a question of how to work with the program, there is a Help Button on top that contains guidlines of how to use it.
